Today, we're excited to launch Langmith
Poly, an AI assistant for AI
engineering. Poly is an AI assistant
that lives inside Langmith and helps you
do AI engineering. There's three
specific places that we've introduced
Poly into for this beta launch. The
first place we've introduced Poly into
is within the thread page. So if we go
to a tracing project in this case one
for chat lang chain our support
application and we go to threads this is
a list of all the different
conversations that have happened and so
you can see that there are multiple
traces these are multiple back and
forths representing a single thread or a
single conversation down in this bottom
right hand corner you'll see Paulie
Paulie is your AI assistant for
interacting with Langmith in this case
with this thread we can move from the
sidebar down to this little window. We
can resize it. It's pretty flexible in
how we want to use it. Once we're here,
we can ask questions about this thread.
So, let's ask something like, "Did the
user ever seem frustrated in this
convo?" And what Polly will do now is
Poly will interact with the data in this
thread and analyze it. And so, we can
see that it's reading the thread. It
will then read through all of the
trajectories
and here just to zoom out we can see
more of the conversation here. So this
is actually the and if we want to we can
actually close poly while it's working.
So we can see the full turn here. How to
implement I'm assuming this is agent
with create agent. And so it does some
searches. Um and then there's some
responses and then there's some back and
forth. And so if we open back up poly,
it's continuing to working and it's
continuing to look things through. And
if we now see its response, we can see
no, the user did not appear frustrated
throughout this conversation. So it
lists out the topics that were covered,
the tone indicators and things like
that. So that's the first place we can
use poly to analyze a particular thread.
The second place we can use poly is to
analyze a particular trace. So here if
we go to the runs page and we click on
an incoming trace, we can see here the
poly is back and it's back in this
corner. The questions we can ask are
again pretty similar, but they're about
this particular trace. So let's maybe
ask something and and and maybe we'll
use one of the pre-builts here. So you
can see that we'll have some some kind
of like pre-built things. So let's see
if there's any errors in this trace.
Anything that the agent didn't do well
or could have improved on.
And so here again we can see that it's
accessing the underlying data. It's
reading the file. So we represent all
the data in this trace in a file system
because LLMs are really good at
interacting with file systems. And so
it's doing a bunch of work. You can also
see here that Poly is searching the
docs. So one of the nice things that
Poly has is it actually has
documentation on everything. So it's
hooked up to chat link chain. This is
given to Pauly as a sub agent and it's
using that to get more data to help
answer part of this question. So it's
combo of debugging what's going on here
but bringing in exterior knowledge from
our support and from our open source
document. And so we can see here that
Paulie is responding. And so we can see
some issues that it's identified. So it
already identified some issues with the
final response here. So the the agent
said something false. That's probably
because we're using pretty cheap model,
the Grock 41 fast for our support
because we have pretty high volume here.
Major error number two, contradictory
explanation. So it starts to contradict
itself and it's identifying kind of like
flaws in the logic there. It's
misdiagnosing the problem. So it's doing
it's analyzing a bunch of things and and
identifying what the model got wrong.
So this is the second place that we can
use. The final place that we can use
poly is in the playground. So if we go
let's scroll down maybe here to one of
the final model responses and let's open
it up in the playground and we'll see
that poly is still down here. So we now
we can ask it to do a bunch of things.
So we can ask it to optimize prompts and
this really will suggest changes based
on uh some prompting guidelines. It's
not yet going to run this against eval
that'll happen later. Um, it we can ask
it to generate tools, add an output
schema. In this case, I'm going to want
to uh I'm going to want to make some
changes to the system prompt. So,
specifically, let let's come up with
something. Let's say, you know, it's
it's already done um a bunch of
searches.
Um, and so let's maybe tell it that it
like how many searches has it done?
Yeah, it's done a bunch.
So, let's maybe say like, you know,
don't do more than two rounds of
searches. The agent should never do more
than two rounds of searches.
Update the prompt to make sure this
happens.
And so now it's kicking it off and it's
it knows that it has uh some of these
files. So, it's looking at the system
prompt that it has in context. And now
it's it's editing it. So, it's making an
edit to the system. And so, here, if we
click in, we can see more details here.
And so, we can see a nice little git
diff of of the changes it made there.
Um, we can click in here and see some
more changes that it made. Um, now, if
we rerun from here,
I don't have the API key loaded. So, let
me actually change this model to a
different provider. Um, let's just
change it to to that model. Let's rerun
there.
Okay, so it's still messed up. So I'm
going to say
and actually here I'm going to show
another version. So here I'm going to
open up and have two prompts. And the
reason I'm going to do this is so that I
can compare it side by side. So now I'm
saying, okay, it's still messing up.
Didn't already do two rounds of
searching. Shouldn't it finalize now?
Let's see what it says to that. We can
see that it's saying that the problem is
the instructions aren't strong enough
about stopping after two rounds. Let me
strengthen the language. It's making
more changes here. We're adding more
explicit reminders. Now, let's try
rerunning. And we'll rerun both of them.
And this should have only changed this
prompt right here. And we'll check that
in a and so we can see here the changes
that it made. And these are highlighted
in green. And this is because it only
affected the first system prompt. So we
can see the changes that it made between
one prompt and the other. And so this is
a new compare prompt functionality that
we add. And if we look at the result
now, which is now finished, we can see
that here it when and this is in output
B. This is for this prompt over here. So
when it when it added those instructions
to be more strict about responding, we
can see now that it actually responded
whereas before it still called another
tool. So this is how we can use Pauly as
an AI engineer to edit prompts. Those
are the three ways that you can use
Pauly, our new AI assistant for AI
engineering to support your AI
engineering workflows in Langmith. This
is still in beta, so we're really
excited to see how people use it and we
would love any feedback. So, please try
it out and let us know what you think.

--- Total entries: 194 ---